### Hi there 👋 I am praveshbalaji
 I have More than 2 years of experience as a SoftwareEngineer with a demonstrated history of working in CMOTS information technology for 1 year from 2021-2022 and currently working in enable healthcare EHI from 2022 Skilled in DOTNET, C#, SQL, JAVA, HTML,CSS, and JavaScript. Strong engineering professional with a Bachelor of Technology (BTech) focused on computer science engineering from Dr. M.G.R. Educational and Research Institute and currently pursuing a Master's in Anna University (Msc Computer Science).

I have about one year of experience in DOTNET and nine months of work experience in CMOTS Info Tech, and I have worked in software development for more than 10 projects. And also, I worked independently on my last project and the entire project was done by myself; hence, I've gained strong knowledge of DOTNET,SQL,HTML,CSS, Bootstrap, JavaScript,JAVASCRIPT,AJAX and AMCHART, as well as c# OOPS concepts.

And also, I have done an internship at SHIAHS Infotech Solutions. And they have provided me with knowledge about Core Java, MySQL courses with certificates, and I have worked on web projects in Shiahs and created Android applications in my college. As my final year project through which I developed Java with the tools eclips,androidstudio, jsp, and netbeance, I also have experience with these tools.

I am currently working in EHI on internal and external projects with React,API,DotNet, C#, and MVC with Angular. js,AspDotNet,Console application ,Json Data Managements,MYSQ,SQL,Web Designing,Figma,HTML,CSS,JQUERY,JAVASCRIPT,IIS PROJECT IMPLEMENTATION
